Added ECS documentation for USM (#16795)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/universal_service_monitoring/_index.md

```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "ECS" %}}

> The following json represents the `task definition` of `USM` (and `system-probe`) for ECS.
> 
> The `task` should be deployed as `daemon service` (follow instructions [here](https://docs.datadoghq.com/containers/amazon_ecs/?tab=awscli#run-the-agent-as-a-daemon-service))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For ECS, enable USM and the system probe with the following JSON task definition. Deploy the task definition as a [daemon service][1]. 

```

                    "sourceVolume": "debug"
                }
            ],
            "environment": [
                {
                    "name": "DD_API_KEY",
                    "value": "<YOUR_DATADOG_API_KEY>"
                },
                ...
                {
                    "name": "DD_SYSTEM_PROBE_SERVICE_MONITORING_ENABLED",
                    "value": "true"
                }
            ],
            "linuxParameters": {
                "capabilities": {
                    "add": [
                        "SYS_ADMIN",
                        "SYS_RESOURCE",
                        "SYS_PTRACE",
                        "NET_ADMIN",
                        "NET_BROADCAST",
                        "NET_RAW",
                        "IPC_LOCK",
                        "CHOWN"
                    ]
                }
            }
        }
    ],
    "requiresCompatibilities": [
        "EC2"
    ],
    "volumes": [
        ...
        {
            "host": {
                "sourcePath": "/sys/kernel/debug"
            },
            "name": "debug"
        }
    ],
    "family": "datadog-agent-task"
}
```

> If the OS image is Ubuntu or Debian, then add the following after `environment`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the operating system image is Ubuntu or Debian, add the following after `environment`:
```

```yaml
"dockerSecurityOptions": [
  "apparmor:unconfined"
]
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[1]: /containers/amazon_ecs/?tab=awscli#run-the-agent-as-a-daemon-service
```
